Update connect-to-gdn.md (#239)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/sdks/connect-to-gdn.md

```js
const jsc8 = require("jsc8");

// Email and Password to Authenticate client instance
const email = "nemo@nautilus.com";
const password = "xxxxxx";
const fabric = "_system";

const client = new jsc8({
  url: "https://gdn.paas.macrometa.io",
  fabricName: fabric
});

> // Or create an authenticated instance with a JWT token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Choose one of the following authentication methods and remove the commenting.

// Create an authenticated instance with a JWT token.
```

const clientUsingJwt = new jsc8({
  url: "https://gdn.paas.macrometa.io",
  token: "XXXX",
  fabricName: fabric
});

> // Or create an authenticated instance with a API key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Create an authenticated instance with a API key.
```
